in this project I'm going to show you
how to turn an ordinary keyboard into an
illuminated keyboard for about five
bucks this should work with any keyboard
so flip it over and start removing all
the screws to the case oh and here's a
little tip you're gonna have a bunch of
screws left over so I just use a magnet
to scoop them all up and hold them in
place
now once you've got that open you're
going to look for the small circuit
board and remove the two screws so we
can access the other side of it we're
going to be using the LED that goes to
the scroll lock key because that's
pretty much a useless key now if you
don't have one you could also use your
number we're going to desolder the LED
that goes to the scroll lock and remove
the LED and hang on to it put it in your
parts bin because it's a perfectly good
LED now you're going to need two lengths
of telephone wire this should be solid
core wire you'll need two pieces about
16 inches long just to be on the safe
side remove two of the wires I chose to
remove the red one and the black one for
this project then by following the
polarity markings for the LED on the
circuit board we're going to wire two
Reds and two black wires into each hole
from the LED connection now we need to
drill two small holes in the keyboard
top one bout to the end of the main keys
and one all the way in the other corner
screw the circuit board back in place
then run a red and black wire through
each of the two holes you just drill now
reassemble your keyboard case I had a
few different colors of heat shrink
tubing so I'm going to choose the red
and after twisting the wires together
you're going to place the heat shrink
tubing down over the two wires this just
makes the finished product look a little
cleaner and now your light source I'm
using two five millimeter high
brightness white LEDs after stripping
the two wires at the very end of your
heat shrink tubing we're going to solder
on our LEDs I added a small strip of
electrical tape to keep the connections
apart and to cover them up and this is
what your finished illuminated keyboard
should look like and now let there be
light you can bend the wires and point
the LEDs exactly where you need them
there's your illuminated keyboard hack